[docs] Add a note about non-expo modules autolinking (#26997)
expo/expo: docs/pages/modules/autolinking.mdx

}
```

> Note that the above `excludes` option is specifically for excluding expo modules. For excluding the autolinking for any other packages, use the `react-native.config.js` at the root directory of your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `exclude` option is for excluding Expo packages. To exclude the autolinking for any other packages, create **react-native.config.js** at the root directory of your project and apply the configuration as shown in the example below:
```

- Let's be clear about creating **react-native.config.js** file and describe that it's an example
- Suggestion to apply other formatting for consistency and fixing the typo

```js react-native.config.js
module.exports = {

>   dependencies: {
>     'some-library': {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dependencies: {
    'library-name': {
```

Instead of using `some-library`, let's add `library-name` so that the example can become self-referential.
